[man]
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Let's begin it.
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Friends for life
Through thick and thin ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Talespin ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ All the trouble we get in ♪
♪ With another tale to spin ♪
Spin it!
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Spin it, my friend.
Woo-hoo!
-♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-♪ Oh, yo ♪
♪ Ba-ba-ba da-da-da ♪
♪ Spin it, let's begin it
Bear and grin it when you're in it ♪
♪ You can win it in a minute
When you spin it, spin it, spin it ♪
[laughing]
♪ Talespin it ♪
♪ Talespin ♪
Pass the tanning butter.
Hey, I'm embarrassed.
And I'm chilly.
Can we put our coats on, Captain?
What? And ruin a perfect cover?
I am in disguise, you are in disguise,
the Iron Vulture is in disguise.
Life is beautiful.
Within moments we sail
under those Cape Suzette guns.
See how convincing you are, ladies?
You've got the attention of a handsome,
young sailor.
Ah... Maybe he's trying
to tell us something, Captain.
Nonsense. What could he be telling us?
[crashing sound]
Uh-oh.
Retreat!
[man] Now can we put
our coats on, Captain?
[laughs] Those Cape Suzette gunners
can only shoot what they can see.
[Don Karnage] They will not spot us
until it is too late.
We are now the color of invisible.
[laughing]
Today, Cape Suzette.
Tomorrow, the world.
[thunder rumbles]
[Don Karnage] Retreat!
[Don Karnage] Not only am I a genius,
but I am very smart.
This time, I have come prepared
for bad weather.
[laughing]
At last I will sail into Cape Suzette
right behind the noses
of those silly gunner type persons.
[Officer One] Nice day for a rain cloud.
Looks like a cumulus piraticus  to me.
When is that Don Karnage character
gonna learn he can't get past us?
Remember when he dressed up
that iron vulture of his
like a broccoli day parade float?
[Officer One laughing]
Big Bertha here sure steamed his stems.
Today, Cape Suzette. Tomorrow...
[rumbles
Tomorrow's another day. Retreat!
[Don Karnage] I hate those gunners
with a passion fruit!
[Baloo laughing]
Better luck next time, Karnage.
Hold your fire.
That plane's packing our lunch.
Delivering sandwiches for Louie
can sure be a pain.
Whew! That runway's got more
bounce than my paycheck.
An amazing landing, as usual, Baloo.
Well, it was nothing.
I did it with my eyes shut...
And my teeth clenched.
Hey, gang, feeding time.
Adios. Enjoy your meal.
Have a nice weekend.
I don't have to make
that landing again today.
-Baloo, I forgot to remind you--
-Doggone it!
[Officer One over radio]
Come back for our 2:00 meeting.
Perhaps I will be back,
for my 2:00 plundering.
That will be my ticket in.
Welcome back, Baloo, baby.
♪ Here we got a pickle
Gonna put it in the middle ♪
♪ Shooby dooby dooby dah ♪
[Louie singing]
♪ Shooby doop boing ♪
For my catering to keep buzzin', cousin,
I can't let you eat up all the profits.
Besides, I already packed you a snack.
[laughing] What more could a fellow want?
I got my food, I got my health, I got--
The Duck! Where's my Sea Duck?
I've been robbed!
There she goes! I've got to catch her!
In what? You were my only plane.
[Louie] Hey, wait a minute.
Let me check the lost and found.
[Baloo] That's the best you can do?
[Louie] Afraid so, Fuzzy.
Some old coot left it here
because it wouldn't hold oil.
With your help, this jalopy is gonna fly.
This plan is foolproof,
which is why I'm allowing
you fools to handle it.
To your places, gentlemen.
To your places... idiots.
[Mad Dog] So we make the gunners
think we're the sandwich man.
Yeah. Then we take over the big gun.
When the Iron Vulture comes,
we wave it through.
For 57 varieties of
plundering and pillaging.
Be hasty with you. My mouth is watering.
Do not disappoint me.
[scat singing]
Keeping this baby oiled is a breeze.
Breeze? It's a deluge.
There she is.
It's heading back to Cape Suzette.
Lousy bunch of joy riders! Hang on, Louie.
[Baloo] We're going duck hunting.
Here comes Baloo, right on time.
-What's with the landing, Baloo?
-Whoa, buddy.
You losing your touch?
[gasps] Oh, no, the mayonnaise went bad.
[coughing]
The mayonnaise didn't go bad. We did!
They'll love today's lunch special.
Stink bombs, heavy on the mustard gas.
[clears throat] This is Woodchuck
calling Peter Piper.
Come in, Peter Piper.
This is Peter Piper.
Have you pickled their peppers?
We've chucked all the wood
that a Woodchuck chucks.
They're in! [chuckles]
It is time to steal
sea shells by the seashore.
There's my baby. Let's get her.
[grunts] All right, who's the creep
who stole my plane?
Darn, rusted old seat belts.
Us three creeps stole your plane.
Yeah, happy landing.
[Baloo and Louie screaming]
Louie, you can stop now. We're OK.
Oh, yeah.[laughs] Good thing
we wore seat belts.
[both screaming]
-Good thing we wore our parachutes.
-Oh, man, I could have-- whoa!
[Louie] Whoa! Updraft!
-[Baloo] Don't mind us.
-[Louie] Just passing through.
So long.
[both laughing]
[Baloo and Louie screaming]
Next time, I gotta remember to
bring a trampoline.
[grunts] Next time I'll remember
not to have a next time.
[Barney] Aw, shucks.
You boys are doing this wrong.
When you tumble, tuck your ankles
and support through the knees.
Like this.
[crash]
[coughs] Of course,
I never fell like that before.
But I've seen it done a million times.
-[Baloo] Look, pal--
-O'tourette. Barney O'tourette.
My friends call me--
No. That's when they're mad.
Pirates stole my plane.
They've taken the cliff guns.
What? I used to work those guns.
No pirates are getting past my cliffs.
Better do something quick, ol' buddy,
'Cause there's a rusty old vulture
heading our way.
It's the Iron Vulture, all right.
We need a radio or something
to notify the coast guard.
Ol' Barney will fix you right up.
Let's go make that call.
Right up on that far ledge.
You mean we've got to climb up there?
[Baloo] You OK, Barney?
I'll get this climbing under control.
Seen it done a million times.
You've never climbed this cliff before?
Never had to call anyone before.
[Baloo] Man, uh... How much more to go?
[grunts] Just up to that next ledge.
-[Barney] Oops! Missed.
-Here. Let me try, Pops.
Nice roping, Fuzzy.
No problem.
Aah! Problems! Problems!
[Barney] By the way,
watch out for the mountain goats.
They're ornery. There it is.
[Baloo and Louie] A phone booth?
You wanted a radio or something.
This is "or something."
I'll handle this.
Kind of a tight fit. Hello? Operator?
Pirates have taken over the cliff guns.
Notify the coast guard.
Hello, hello!
[telephone operator]
Deposit five cents, please.
Oh, anyone got change for a dollar?
I got a nickel.
[grunting] I'm lacking maneuverability.
-Can you help me, Barney?
-Sure, no problem.
I've seen it a million times.
[Barney] Oops!
I'll get it.
I can't see it. Move your size 14s, Baloo.
Where to?
[Baloo and Barney grunting]
Uh-oh. We got company coming, cuz.
You know,
that goat is beginning to get my goat.
Where's the nickel?
Where's the phone booth?
Where's Barney?
[Barney] I'm right here!
I got the nickel, but the phone's dead.
You think the coast guard
will stop those pirates?
We're the only two who know
those guns are gonna be silent.
I guess it's up to us to fix that.
You boys keep going. I'll catch up.
Don't worry, Barney.
We'll come back for you.
I hope.
OK, let's crack this mountain!
Ooh! Ooh! Watch this. Bomb bowling!
[Mad Dog and Dumptruck laughing]
[Mad Dog] I love this game!
No, it's my turn.
Hey! ;laughing] This mountain climbing
ain't so bad.
Yeah, except
for the mountain part... [grunts]
And the climbing. [grunts]
Ow! And the falling rocks.
[Mad Dog, Hal and Dumptruck laughing]
Sounds like we're real close.
Climb this way.
[grunting]
We got to talk to the boss
about a raise. We deserve one.
[Dumptruck] Yeah. We do the looting,
and he gets all the loot.
It ain't fair.
They're right above us.
I don't even own a lousy pair of boots.
Why, I'm tired of being stepped on!
-Yow!
-[Hal and Dumptruck] Huh?
[laughs] Nice of you to drop by.
Now drop dead!
[both laughing]
-Not again!
[Louie and Baloo screaming]
-You boys need a lift?
-We're sure glad to see you, Barney.
Lookie! Somebody threw away
a perfectly good aerialplane.
-You can fly?
-No, but I seen it done a million times.
[Barney] Hey!
-How do you steer this thing?
-Push the lever, gently!
Whoa!
[all scream]
[crash]
Whew! That was some stunt, Barney!
I should have stayed in bed this morning!
What happened to the ammo?
There are only three shells left.
That's enough for three big holes.
Hey! My baby!
Here, Baloo.
I'm going with my Duck.
Barney, grab those shells.
You know what to do.
Yessiree...
Worked on that gun for 50 years,
polishing that barrel every day.
-You never fired it?
-No. I seen it done.
[both] Yeah, yeah. A million times!
[both scream]
Don't worry, boys! I'll handle it!
You think old Barney
can handle those guns?
Well, he never climbed a mountain
or flew a plane before.
We're in big trouble!
Labor day! Labor day! No, no... Arbor day!
No, wait. Uh...
Mayday! That's it! Mayday!
[Don Karnage over radio] What do you want?
Open up. It's an emergency!
-[knocking]
-Hold on. Someone's at the door.
Who is it?
-Repossession company.
-We're here to collect!
Oops! Too late!
What would you possibly
come back here to ask me?
Can you open the hatch?
Sacre bleu  cheese! Get them!
Guess that's a no.
Keep going, cuz! I'll open the hatch!
Barney, old boy, don't let us down now!
[grunts] Now let's see here.
This one raises the barrel. That's it.
This one must turn it back and-- Yeah.
And this-- I'll bet this one fires it.
Oops.
Why are those three imbeciles
making the gun go boom-boom?
That's one. Come on, Barney.
Get something right just this once.
[speaking gibberish]
No, that ain't it.
Time to make Baloo black and blue!
Some other time, champ.
Do I have to do everything myself?
[yells]
[guns cocking]
I knew I should have read
my horoscope this morning.
Louie!
What are you doing here?
Where are the others?
-They fell down.
-Who fired the gun?
[Barney] Let's see... A little higher,
a little to the left...
There! That ought to do it!
Now I'll load the gun.
Well, gun gone in.
How can I hit something if it's moving?
Listen, Karney,
that first shot was a warning.
Release Louie and turn back,
or the next one blows this bird!
[shell whistles]
[shell explodes]
Ha! He is the worst shot
I have ever heard in my life.
It was worth a try.
In mere moments,
Cape Suzette shall be
a bargain hunters paradise--
Free money, free jewels,
free seafood dinners!
The last shell.
Oh, darn! It got stuck!
Aah!
Oh, shucks!
-Shot three.
-Yeah. Barney blew it.
Now I can truly say with confidence,
today Cape Suzette, tomorrow--
[blast]
Well, blow my nose!
-I did it!
-He did it?
[Don Karnage]
Turn around! Head for the castle!
[laughing]
[Barney laughing]
Ahem. I propose a toast
to us, three of the bravest
mountain climbers I know.
-Yeah!
-I'll drink to that!
[Baloo] Say, Barney...
I've been meaning to ask you.
You worked on those guns for 50 years,
but never climbed a mountain.
How did you get to work?
Why, I took the elevator.
Oh!
♪ Talespin ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Another tale to spin ♪
♪ Talespin ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Another tale to spin ♪
♪ Hoo-hoo-hoo
Hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo ♪
Ha-ha-ha!
♪ Talespin ♪